MBR Cutscene Points

	⁃	Porky knocks on your door and asks for help finding Picky.
	⁃	Your dad calls you for the first time.
	⁃	King gets scared and runs away at the top of the mountain.
	⁃	Buzz Buzz emerges from the meteor and tells you of your destiny.
	⁃	Starman Jr. attacks you.
	⁃	Buzz Buzz is killed by Lardna Minch.
	⁃	Buzz Buzz gives you his dying speech.
	⁃	Lier X Agerate shows you the Mani Mani Devil.
	⁃	You challenge the Yes Man Junior guarding the door to Frank.
	⁃	You challenge Frank.
	⁃	Frank admits defeat and activates Frankystein Mark II.
	⁃	You talk to Mayor Pirkle and obtain the key to the shack.
	⁃	You challenge the Titanic Ant for the first melody.
	⁃	The police scold you for trespassing after trying to return from the Giant Step dungeon.
	⁃	Captain Strong asks you if you want to go to Twoson.
	⁃	The police force all challenge you, ending with the encounter with Captain Strong.
	⁃	Captain Strong makes a call to open up the barrier blocking off the way to Twoson.
	⁃	You speak to Paula's dad about her for the first time.
	⁃	Paula's dad runs by looking for Paula after staying at a hotel (only happens if you've already talked to him).
	⁃	Everdred challenges you to a fight.
	⁃	You beat Everdred and he tells you to come back once you rescued Paula.
	⁃	You talk to Apple Kid about funding his research.
	⁃	Apple Kid's mouse gives you the receiver phone.
	⁃	Apple Kid calls you after you return from Grateful Dead Valley after seeing the iron pencil statue.
	⁃	Apple Kid gives you the Pencil Eraser in Burglin Park.
	⁃	You talk to Paula in the secluded cabin and she gives you the franklin badge.
	⁃	You challenge Carpainter.
	⁃	You challenge Mondo Mole for the second melody.
	⁃	You speak to Everdred after returning to Twoson and receive the suitcase of bills.
	⁃	You speak to Lucky to get the backstage pass.
	⁃	You talk to the girl at the Chaos Theater that leads you into the backstage area.
	⁃	You give the suitcase of bills to Poochyfud.
	⁃	The Runaway Bros use their tour bus to drive you to Threek.
	⁃	You examine the zombies blocking the way to Grapefruit Falls.
	⁃	You enter the hotel room and get ambushed.
	⁃	You check the door after waking up and find that it is locked.
	⁃	Jeff receives the telepathic call from Paula.
	⁃	Tony gets out of bed to talk to you.
	⁃	You get the key to the locker from Gauss.
	⁃	You get the Bad Key Machine from Gauss.
	⁃	Tony assists you to jump over the fence.
	⁃	You talk to Bubble Monkey after buying the Pak of Bubble Gum.
	⁃	Tessie appears and gives you a ride to the other side of Winters.
	⁃	You speak to Brick Road for the first time (not 100% sure if this is needed since this is a repeatable conversation but I feel this is still important dialogue since Brick Road becomes more important later).
	⁃	Bubble Monkey blows a bubble to float up and lower the rope in the Rainy Circle dungeon.
	⁃	You speak to Andonuts for the first time and he tells you about the Sky Walker.
	⁃	You board the Sky Walker and fly to Threek.
	⁃	Jeff talks to you and joins the party.
	⁃	You challenge the Boogey Tent.
	⁃	Apple Kid calls you about the zombie paper.
	⁃	The Mach Pizza delivery man gives you the zombie paper.
	⁃	You wake up from a hotel stay after planting the zombie paper in the tent and watch the zombies all get lured in.
	⁃	You challenge the Mini Barf.
	⁃	You talk to the Mr. Saturn that tells you about the waterfall password (again, repeatable dialogue but it is plot important).
	⁃	The guard at the waterfall entrance asks for the password and you wait for 3 minutes (black lines can just be included for the dialogue box, the actual waiting should be normal).
	⁃	You challenge Master Belch.
	⁃	You challenge the Trillionage Sprout for the third melody.
	⁃	You give food to Gerardo Montague.
	⁃	Porky's guards escort you out of his room after talking to him (repeatable cutscene).
	⁃	You speak to Miss Fake and she taunts you about needing to find buried gold (another repeatable dialogue but important nonetheless).
	⁃	You challenge each of the five guardian diggers.
	⁃	You speak to Gerardo Montague after defeating the guardian diggers and he tells you he'll start digging for gold.
	⁃	George Montague delivers the diamond to you on the bridge connecting the desert to Fourside.
	⁃	You give Miss Fake the diamond.
	⁃	The Runaway Bros shout you out during their last show.
	⁃	Paula gets kidnapped at the department store.
	⁃	The department store spook continuously taunts you as you near closer to the upstairs office.
	⁃	You challenge the department store spook.
	⁃	You talk to the lady in Borges' Bar about hearing a sound from outside (repeatable dialogue but important).
	⁃	You give an item to the scraggly kid blocking your way.
	⁃	You speak to Everdred and he gives his final speech.
	⁃	You check behind the counter in Borges' Bar and get warped to Moonside.
	⁃	You talk to the man inside the room with no doors and he sends you away.
	⁃	The invisible man joins your party and talks to you. He will also occasionally give dialogue as you make your way over to the guy blocking the Mani Mani Devil.
	⁃	You talk to the guy blocking the Mani Mani Devil and he runs off with the invisible man.
	⁃	You challenge the Mani Mani Devil.
	⁃	Apple Kid calls you about the tofu machine after leaving the basement of the bar.
	⁃	One of the teleport monkeys fails to teleport and then tells you that Talah Rama wants to meet you after leaving the bar.
	⁃	The Escargo Express neglected class drops by and informs you that he lost the tofu machine in the desert.
	⁃	Electra walks by and tells you that she wants the tofu machine.
	⁃	Talah Rama speaks to you and tells you further information about your destiny.
	⁃	The teleport monkey asks you if you want to learn teleport and then leaves to go outside if you say yes.
	⁃	The teleport monkey teaches you how to use teleport alpha.
	⁃	You give Electra the tofu machine.
	⁃	You fight the Clumsy Robot.
	⁃	You talk to Monotoly and he returns Paula to the party. He then opens up the secret hatch leading to the helipad.
	⁃	Porky steals the helicopter and flies away.
	⁃	Paula has a premonition about needing to go back to Threek.
	⁃	The Runaway Bros offer you a ride back to Threek.
	⁃	Apple Kid calls you and tells you that he has identified Giygas and needs to invent the phase distorter for you to confront him right before entering the elevator.
	⁃	The Runaway Bros use their tour bus to drive you back to Threek.
	⁃	Jeff fixed the Sky Walker and flies it to the Winters lab.
	⁃	You challenge Shrooom!! for the fourth melody.
	⁃	You talk to Andonuts before getting in the Sky Walker again.
	⁃	You receive the number for the Stoic Club.
	⁃	Tony calls you and asks for the player's name.
	⁃	You call and make a reservation at the Stoic Club.
	⁃	You talk to Jill at the Stoic Club and she leaves to open back up her cake stand.
	⁃	Poo talks to his master about needing to undergo Mu Training.
	⁃	Poo talks to the Star Master before climbing the rope up to his meditation spot.
	⁃	Poo begins his training and one of the girls in Dalaam tries to distract Poo from it.
	⁃	Poo returns from his training and talks to his master before teleporting to join the main party.
	⁃	You give the tiny ruby to the museum attendant.
	⁃	You read off the hieroglyphs.
	⁃	You receive the hieroglyph copy.
	⁃	You talk to Dr. Spoon about him wanting an autograph from Venus.
	⁃	You talk to Venus and receive the signed banana.
	⁃	You give the signed banana to Dr. Spoon and he grants you access to the Fourside Sewers.
	⁃	You challenge the Plague Rat of Doom for the fifth melody.
	⁃	You challenge Thunder and Storm for the sixth melody.
	⁃	You talk to one of the sailors about sailing to Scarabia.
	⁃	The Sphinx talks to you when stepping on the first pressure plate.
	⁃	The Sphinx tells you to enter the pyramid after successfully opening the entrance.
	⁃	The Star Master warps in and takes Poo away for training.
	⁃	You talk to one of the local tribesmen and receive the key to the tower.
	⁃	You speak to Brick Road at the end of the Dungeon Man dungeon.
	⁃	Dungeon Man gets stuck in-between some trees.
	⁃	You speak to another one of the tribesmen and he tells you that you need a submarine.
	⁃	You talk to Dungeon Man and he tells you that he has a submarine you can use.
	⁃	You examine the submarine and then carry it outside to ride it to Deep Darkness.
	⁃	You challenge Master Barf.
	⁃	You speak to the Tenda chief and he tells you about a rumor he heard about the book Overcoming Shyness (repeatable dialogue).
	⁃	You leave the Tenda Village and Apple Kid calls you. He gets kidnapped mid-call.
	⁃	Tessie appears on your second visit to Winters and takes you to the south part of Winters again.
	⁃	Apple Kid's mouse gives you the Eraser Eraser.
	⁃	You confront the Starman Deluxe.
	⁃	You talk to Apple Kid after freeing everyone from the tubes and he tells you that he returned the book Overcoming Shyness.
	⁃	You give Overcoming Shyness to the Tenda chief.
	⁃	The strong Tenda lifts up the rock blocking off Lumine Hall.
	⁃	You challenge the Electro Specter for the seventh melody.
	⁃	You give the Tendakraut to the Tenda underground.
	⁃	You talk to the talking rock and learn about your destiny to become one with the universe and obtain great power.
	⁃	You challenge the Carbon Dog for the eighth and final melody.
	⁃	You challenge your demon.
	⁃	You absorb the power of the sanctuaries and unleash your true potential.
	⁃	You wake up from Magicant and teleport to Saturn Valley.
	⁃	You speak to Dr. Andonuts and he tells you that he needs a piece of a meteorite to synthesize Zexonyte.
	⁃	You give the meteorite piece you obtained to Andonuts and he tells you to rest for the night.
	⁃	You speak to Andonuts and he tells you to enter the phase distorter.
	⁃	The Star Master arrives in the cave and teaches Poo Starstorm Omega.
	⁃	You speak to Andonuts about needing to warp to the past to fight Giygas.
	⁃	You confront Giygas and Porky appears before you to taunt you.
	⁃	You talk to everyone after the souls of the chosen four return to the present time.
	⁃	You take Paula home (this is optional).
	⁃	You take Paula to your house and she reminds you that she needs to go home, though you can still choose to bring her inside (this is optional).
	⁃	Picky shows up to your house after the credits roll and delivers the letter from Porky.
